Welcome to a final video on making a production grade in Webpack.
So in this video, we're going to be seeing how to be splitting the configuration file into multiple
part.
As discussed earlier, some of the configuration need to be running only when we are in the development
mode and some configuration need to run in the production mode.
So let's see what kind of optimization we need to be doing here.
I've already duplicated my previous folder, so I've created a new folder 9.4.
So this is going to be containing all the new configuration that we do from now on.
Okay.
So first of all, we need to be creating new additional.
So first of all, we need to be creating two additional configuration file for that pack.
So let me just right click here and call this as the PAC dot common dot gas.
It has to be at the same level as either the per configuration file.
And we are also going to be creating another configuration file.
Let's call this as the backdoored product.
Yes.
Okay.
So as the name suggest, we have a common JS, a project and then we also have a config.
Jess So I'm just going to be renaming this and let's make this as dot dev dot.
Yes.
So that's a development, that's a production.
And you can have more if you like to.
Okay.
So what is our strategy here?
What are we trying to implement?
So what are we going to be doing here?
First of all, let's go ahead and copy all the content that is there in the original back file into
the other two files.
So for example and pasting it in the comments and let's pasted in the prod as well.
Okay, now let's go to the common file.
And from this file let me remove this only related to the development or the production files.
So for example, let's check it out or from the start.
So we have the modular experts object, we have the entry and the output object.
Now, as you can see, we are going to be needing both of these objects, irrespective of the development
environment.
So we are going to be keeping this in the common file.
Then we have the dev server as the name suggests.
We just need this to be running when we are in the development mode.
So let's just go ahead and delete this from here.
Then let's move on to the next one, which is the modules which host all our loaders.
So this again is going to be a common specification irrespective of your environment.
So let's leave that as it is.
Then let's move on to the next one we have the provides plugin now provides generally is again used
both in the development as well as the production mode.
So in case your particular query or your moment object is not found, either of you are going to break.
So let's keep that in the common as well.
Then we have the pack configuration.
This is again going to be a common configuration because we want those files to be generated for us.
Let's move on.
We have the copy plugin.
Now, copy plugin can sort of be moved to our production environment because we are not going to be
copying every time they are sent to our distribution.
And this will sort of slow down our development process as well because every time the files need to
be copied to the disk, so it's going to take more time.
So I'm going to be opting to add this in the production model.
So let's grab more from the comments.
Next, we have the purge thesis.
Now, purging is also something specific to the production, so let's get rid of that as well.
And that's going to be added to the production.
Now we have the bundle analyzer plugin bundle and the plugin has, you know, it shows us all the utilization
of those bundles and how the bundles are created.
These are modules and so on.
So again, this is something related to development and not really used in production.
Let's remove that.
Then we have the main thesis extract plugin.
Now, this again is going to be running in production only.
Well, this is because it's slightly faster to be adding all the theaters directly into your email rather
than creating a separate file.
So I'm going to be removing that as well.
Okay.
So that looks pretty good to me.
We have the optimization as split chunk.
And finally, I'm just going to be keeping this switched on so that we have multiple chunks created.
And this is generally a good thing to have in the development because you want to be analyzing now and
then.
How are your chunks getting created?
What are the kind of dependencies that are that in chunks and so on?
So for that reason, I'm just going to be keeping it here.
One more change that I would be needing is if I go on top.
We have the Menzies extract plugin.
Now, since we have removed it from the comments, it does make sense to remove it from here as well.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to be sort of removing just these two loaders from here.
Why am I doing this?
Because I'm going to be using the Minsk's extract plug in when we are in the production mode.
And I'm going to be using the normal style loader when I'm in the development mode.
So for that reason, I'm going to be removing this as well from here.
Okay.
So we are just keeping one loader common, which is the asset resource module.
So that looks great.
Let me just go ahead and save this configuration.
So there's a part common.
Let's close this one now and let's move on to the next one, which is the dev dependencies.
Now in the dev dependencies, also, we need to be making a lot of changes.
So all the things that are there in common can be removed.
So we can remove entry and output.
We are going to be keeping the dev server and in the modules we are going to be removing the one that
was already important, which was the asset resource.
And in the dev, the back, instead of using the means a CCS extract plugin, I'm going to be using
the style loader so I can just replace that with style loader.
Let's replace the second one also with style loader.
Okay, so that looks good.
Now let's move on.
This was already added in the comments so I can remove this.
The pack was also added in common so we can remove this.
Then we have the copy plugin.
This is going to be added to production.
So remove this.
This is again added to production.
So we remove this.
Then we have the bundle analyzer plugin.
So I can sort of enable this because I want this to be running in my development mode.
We can get rid of the Menzies attack start as well.
Okay, so that looks pretty clean.
Now I can also remove the optimization because this is again added to the comments.
So let's get that also removed and let's just modify our file.
Okay.
So that looks pretty clean to me.
We are not using this variable anymore so we can get rid of this configuration as well.
And a lot of cleanup to be done in the imports as well.
So we need the port.
We do not need the original plug in, copy plug in.
We do need the bundle analyzer not required the M.S..
SS We do not really need Diva Pack Importer as well.
We also do not need the purge nor the glove.
Okay.
So you can see my file has become quite small and this is much more maintainable as well.
Let's move and do the same thing in the production.
So let's go up, remove all the common dependencies, the entry and the output, remove the depth so
as this is going to be running or line environment.
Now if I did notice, we are going to be keeping all of these too.
So we are going to be using the main cases extract for the Xs and Xs files and we can remove the common
one, which was the asset resources.
Okay.
So that looks good.
Now let's move on.
We do not need the provide plugin as it's a common dependency.
We do not need the stimulus.
Again, it's a common dependency.
We do need to copy BOJ and the main thesis extract.
Now I do not really need the bundle analyzer so I can remove that as well.
Let me just format this properly and we can remove the optimization section as well.
Okay.
So that looks pretty good.
Let's get rid of all the extra imports here.
So we do not need the mill, then?
We do not need the bundle analyzer, then we do not need the backpack imported explicitly.
We do need the package that is being used here.
And we also need the globe, which is again used by Pouch.
Okay, so these are all the dependencies, I think that are going to be required.
Okay.
So we have now made the changes in the common dev and the prod.
Now, how are we going to be running this in different environments?
Well, for that, what we are going to be doing is we need to make some update in our package to do
some.
Now, instead of having just one dev server, we are going to be having two of them.
And before that, just came to notice that we have a more specified rice production.
So we can actually also move this to a configuration.
Since we have two files now.
So just going back to the dev configuration, I cannot add additional attribute here in the model or
export called as mode.
And in here, we can name the mode as development for the development file.
The same thing can be copied.
And if you go to the production file and go to the modular export, I can put the mode, as you guessed
it, production.
Okay.
That's done.
Now, if I go to the package charges and once again, I can actually be removing the mold from here,
and we also need to be making a change to the file itself.
So right now, we do not have the configuration file itself.
We instead have the pack dot dev dodgers.
That's right here.
Okay, so that's done.
We also need to make another script here.
So this is going to be as broad.
And in here we'll see the pack configuration and the file is going to be the backdoored product.
Jess.
Okay, so that looks good.
Now, one more dangerous for this.
Now we are going to be solving it, the development file.
So we are going to be pointing to Dev so that whenever we run Paxos, our development server starts
off.
Now I do not need the mode anymore so I can move that from here.
Okay.
So that was a lot of changes in our code.
So trust me, that is all the changes that we need to do for now.
Now, this is one small thing that we need to be doing for the now to start of the file.
We need a way of merging the common configurations into either the development or the production file.
So how are we going to be doing that?
Well, it's quite easy, but I'm going to be taking a short break because this video has been running
quite long.
So see you in the next video.